[RUM] homogenize code examples (#7056)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/real_user_monitoring/installation/advanced_configuration.md

```javascript
import { datadogRum } from '@datadog/browser-rum';

datadogRum.addUserAction('<NAME>', '<JSON_OBJECT>');

// Code example
datadogRum.addUserAction('checkout', {
    cart: {
        amount: 42,
        currency: '$',
        nb_items: 2,
        items: ['socks', 't-shirt'],
    },
});
```

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "Bundle" %}}

```javascript
window.DD_RUM && DD_RUM.addUserAction('<NAME>', '<JSON_OBJECT>');

// Code example
window.DD_RUM &&
    DD_RUM.addUserAction('checkout', {
        cart: {
            amount: 42,
            currency: '$',
            nb_items: 2,
            items: ['socks', 't-shirt'],
        },
    });
```

{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

> With the above example, we collect the amount of items within a cart, what they are, and how much the cart is worth overall.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the above example, the RUM SDK would collect the amount of items within a cart, what they are, and how much the cart is worth overall.
```
